I do no require any personal information for this game.
The only data that gets collected is through the ads served through the app by

ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:

Ad Network – A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps. 
Mediation Platform – A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform – A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform – A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.

In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click here

We collect information in either of 2 ways:

Directly – through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly – through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.

ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California or Virginia, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to tprivacy laws in these states.  

Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”) –
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.

General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.

Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).

Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”) –
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. 

General technical information as described above.

Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.

Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.

App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.

General technical data about the device.

Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.

Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.

General technical data about the device.

How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:

Operating our Ad Network – We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed here to bid on ad inventory. 
Operating our Mediation Platform – We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform – We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform – We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations – We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.

More information, see below
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/?#step-2
